Unit 1 長文問題] 決めるのは君だ!

1 What is the best way to improve your English? (A) is no easy answer to this question. In fact, people have different opinions about this. Some people say, "Increase your vocabulary by memorizing lots of words." Other people say, “X単に文法と翻訳だ けを勉強しなさい。”

2 What do you do to improve your English? Do you (1 ) to English songs? Do you (r) novels or magazines in English? Maybe you w ) English videos on the internet or even (k) a diary in English.

3 If you want to improve your English, you have to communicate in English. Studying vocabulary and grammar, reading and listening to English material, and writing in English are all very important. At the same time, you need to realize that doing these will not automatically make a good communicator of English. If you want to be able to communicate in English well, you have to experience actual live conversations.

4 Yあなたは今、尋ねていますか, "What does it mean to have actual live conversations?" This means that you need to take every opportunity to speak English. Don't say, "I don't have any opportunities to speak English." You live in a world with endless possibilities.

5 (B) are so many tourists from all around the world in Japan now. Also, people from other countries live in Japan. When you see them, why not strike up a conversation? (4) When you don't know where they are from, you can use English. Z恥ずかしがらないで。They will be happy to speak with you.

6 The internet has opened up the world to you as well. With e-mail and social media, you can get in touch with people all over the world. Guess what language comes in handy? That's right! It's ( ).

7 You can always speak with your English teachers at school. Speak with them in English not only during class time but also during other times of the day. You may have other friends who want to practice English like you. Create an English conversation club. Maybe an English teacher will help you.

Target

① be動詞,一般動詞 ②進行形,命令文

③比較

improve 上達させる

8 You h

action? T

in fact 実際に

問1(

increase 増やす vocabulary 語彙

(

grammar and translation 「文法と翻訳

問2下

(

material 教材 at the same time でもやはり

actual live conversation 現実のなまの会話

opportunity 機会

endless 無限の

strike up 始める

social media

ソーシャルメディア get in touch with~

~と連絡をとる

come in handy

役に立つ

問3下

X(

Y(

Z(

問4

あ(

問5下

問6 下

(3)

(4)

(6)

P7 (5) (

問8 本文

1. If you stu

2. You have

3. The best w

4. To have ac

5. If you wan

2

8 You have so many opportunities around you. Are you going to take action? The choice is yours.

choice 選択

51(A), B)に共通して入る英語1語を書きなさい。 ( )

■2 下線部(1)の指している内容を7語の英語で文中から抜き出しなさい。 (

■問下線部X, Y, Zを英語になおしなさい。答えは( )に1話ずつ書きなさい。

X( )( ) grammar and translation.

Y(

Z( )( ) shy.

) you now (

54(1)~(k)に、与えられた文字で始まる動詞を入れなさい。

あ( ( い( ) う( え(

■5 下線部(2)の内容を日本語で説明しなさい。

■問6下線部(3), (4), (6)を日本語になおしなさい。

(3)

(4)

(6)

うる

メディア とる

7( )に適切な1語を入れなさい。 (

■問8 本文の内容と合うものを3つ選び、番号を○で囲みなさい。

1. If you study English very hard, you will become a good communicator of English.

2. You have a lot of opportunities to speak English.

3. The best way to improve your English is to use the internet.

4. To have actual live conversation means reading and listening to English material.

5. If you want to improve your English, you need to take every opportunity to speak English.

6. If you don't take action, you can't improve your English.

アニメを仕

PHILIPS

3